[Doc]: Explain how to run the agent. (#4603)
DataDog/datadog-agent: README.md

   - `invoke rtloader.build -p 2` for Python2 only
   - `invoke rtloader.build -p 3` for Python3 only
   - `invoke rtloader.build -p 2,3` for both Python2 and Python3

> 5. Copy `pkg/config/config_template.yaml` to `dev/dist/datadog.yaml` and add a valid api key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Create a development `datadog.yaml` configuration file in `dev/dist/datadog.yaml`, containing a valid API key: `api_key: <API_KEY>`
```

## Run

Running `invoke build` creates an Agent binary, located at `bin/agent/agent`.

> If the Datadog Agent is not installed, or if you do not want to edit your `datadog.yaml`, a configuration file is available at `bin/agent/dist/datadog.yaml`. To run the Agent with this configuration file, use `-c`: `DD_API_KEY=12345678990 bin/agent/agent <command> -c bin/agent/dist/` where `<command>` is an Agent command and `DD_API_KEY=12345678990` is a valid API key.

Reviewer: for clarity, let's first have a code block with the simplest `run` command, so that it's immediately clear what a developer is supposed to run to run the built Agent.

Then (and only then IMO), this paragraph makes sense to explain how to run the dev Agent with a development `datadog.yaml` config file.

DD_API_KEY=12345678990 ./bin/agent/agent run -c bin/agent/dist/datadog.yaml
```

If the Datadog Agent is not installed, or if you do not want to edit your `datadog.yaml`, 

> a configuration file is available at `bin/agent/dist/datadog.yaml`. To run the Agent with this configuration file,

Reviewer: I realize now that this is not entirely correct either.

Basically we should recommend creating a development `datadog.yaml` in `dev/dist/`, which should contain at least a valid API key. It will then be copied to `bin/agent/dist/` by the `invoke agent.build` command, and there won't be any need to provide `DD_API_KEY` on the command line.

So if we want the full step-by-step instructions, we should recommend:
1. create a development `datadog.yaml` in `dev/dist/`. It should contain at least a valid API key, i.e.:

```yaml
api_key: <API_KEY>
``` 

2. build the agent with `invoke agent.build`. This will also copy the development `dev/dist/datadog.yaml` file to `bin/agent/dist/`.
3. start the dev agent with `bin/agent/agent run -c bin/agent/dist/`. While the dev agent is running, you can run commands against it with `bin/agent/agent <command> -c bin/agent/dist/`.

>  use `-c`: `DD_API_KEY=12345678990 bin/agent/agent <command> -c bin/agent/dist/` where `<command>` is an Agent command and `DD_API_KEY=12345678990` is a valid API key.

Reviewer: ➕ on using `DD_API_KEY=<API_KEY>`, let's update the other reference above as well

(in general, not sure if we should keep a reference to the DD_API_KEY env var here though, see my other comment)
